How weird is this a whole association to you?
Cause it's weird to me.
The IDW.
Yeah.
Oh,
IDW.
Just that of course.
Intellectual,
dark web.
Hell it is.
It's like I've been trying to puzzle it out.
I mean I think what it is is a loose collection of early adopters of a
revolutionary technology.
That's what it looks like to me.
And it we found each other because we're all doing the same thing,
but it's also a bunch of people that are honest,
intellectually honest about their and maybe don't even district don't even agree
on full.
Yeah,
we'll definitely but honest about perception.
Well and also I think interested in long form discussion,
right.
And,
and able to engage in it because otherwise we wouldn't be having the relative
success that we're having in the,
in the,
in the middle.
You,
you know,
and it got a name and that's kind of interesting.
And that's Eric though.
Yeah,
that's right.
That's Eric.
He loves it.
Oh yeah.
He certainly loves and he's playing with fire versus spas.
Definitely.
Yeah.
He denies it.
He loves it.
Which is what's most interesting about it.
I love to rib him.
Yeah.
When it's got this funny conspiratorial element there that's sort of true in
sort of mostly dramatic.
And as a mathematician he's always looking for patterns and codes.
I don't know what to make of it.
I mean things get a name and then you think,
well why did that get named?
And well someone named it.
But yeah,
but the name stuck.
So it seemed apropos to some degree.
And well,
what do we have in common?
Most of us are entrepreneurial.
Most of us have our own platform,
so we can speak independently.
Most of us are interested in long form philosophical discussions.
Primarily not political but,
but bordering on political,
well g bands,
more political office.
He's the most,
yeah.
But he's also very sophisticated political commentator.
So he borders on both the philosophical and the religious.
Right.
So,
um,
and then we're,
we're,
we're all the newly new adopters of this new technology.
And so that's enough to put us in a group.
And then,
well,
it turns out that we've all been talking to each other.
But part of the reason for that is while we're all doing the same thing on the
net,
so it's not surprising that we're talking to each other.
So I always go for the simple explanations first.
You know,
it's not a movement,
exactly what it is.
It's the manifestation of a new technology.
And then,
well,
do we have anything in common that's worth discussing that would make this a
viable group,
let's say?
And the answer to that is,
I dunno,
you know,
I've been touring with Ruben,
that's been good.
It's been good to have a comedian along and he's also a good interviewer.
He does the Q and A's with me and it's nice to have some levity in the mix
because the conversations are,
the discussions with the audience are very serious.
Although I can crack a joke and uh,
I can't tell a joke,
but if something funny occurs to be,
I can say it and sometimes it's funny.
So that's something,
um,
you know,
and we've been,
we've been discussing a fair bit and I had good conversations with Shapiro and
Harris for that matter.
So there is lots of interplay between us,
but I think that's more because we,
we inhabit the same technological space more than the same in theological space,
apart from the fact that we are actually interested in dialogue fundamentally.
So we'll see.
I mean,
I'm,
I'm watching it with curiosity.
Are you apprehensive?
Do you think that there's any potential downside?
So there's lots of downsides to it.
Sure.
There's lots of downsides.
I mean,
first of all,
you know,
most of us are on an individual individualistic path.
I'm not gonna,
I'm not really much of a group guy,
you know,
so am I in this group?
It's like,
well,
I'm pleased to be associated with you guys,
that's for sure.
Um,
but I don't really know what it would mean or if it should mean anything or if
it'll screw up what I'm doing or if it's,
I don't know anything about it.
But mostly I'm curious.
It's like,
Huh,
this is a group.
I thought this is the rat pack.
I thought when I walked into the restaurant of us,
cause we were out last night,
it was Ben Shapiro,
Sam Harris,
Eric Weinstein,
Dave Rubin,
Joe Rogan in me,
right?
And my wife Tammy.
And so we're all walking in there.
And I thought,
well,
this is kind of like being in the rat pack in the 1950s I thought,
I know,
maybe it isn't,
but that's what came to mind.
So I thought that's funny.
And it's,
it's,
it's kind of cool and it's interesting and it's edgy and all of that.
But I'm not,
I'm not taking it seriously.
I'm not,
I'm not also not,
you know,
I'm not taking it.
Not seriously either,
but I'm just watching and I'm watching everybody interact because it is a very
motley crew of people.
It is.
So,
and they're very different.
And so,
but it was very much think,
well,
you,
okay.
So why did you think it was enjoyable?
It's good conversation.
I mean,
everyone that was in that group has been on my podcast or I've been on theirs.
And you know,
it's a fun group of really honest,
interesting people.
The Cuellar very peculiar people.
Especially Eric.
Yeah,
he's listening right now.
It's on fucking with them.
I love that guy.
But I mean they're all,
they're all,
everyone's different but everyone's also unique and they all bring a lot to the
table and that's what's interesting about it.
The weird collection.
Yeah.
You know I'm,
I don't know what to think of it.
Like when Eric called me up about the whole New York Times thing,
I'm like,
what are you talking about?
Like we're all doing this and you did that.
Hey,
why did you do that?
What I do what?
What did you be part of the New York Times Article?
A barely.
Was I just a the answered a couple of questions cause they took a picture of
you.
You got to picture.
Yeah,
they asked me to take a picture.
They didn't upset.
They should have taken a picture of me.
I was dressed like I was going on stage at the comedy store.
It didn't wear anything and he definitely,
they were trying to make a big deal of it.
I'm like,
look,
I don't have any time.
This is,
you want to take a picture of me?
This is what I'm wearing.
Yeah.
And we did it on the parking lot above the comedy store and it started to rain.
I go,
we're done.
I gotta go,
I gotta go on stage.
I can't be soaking wet,
you know,
and,
and then go on stage.
And that was it.
You know,
it was just,
okay.
So your take on it is that it's,
well,
it's intra.
Your take on it is,
it's interesting.
Yes.
Well,
this is the,
this is probably another thing that unites that group of people.
Everyone in that group of people is likely to get in trouble because they find
too many things.
Interesting.
Right.
And it's trade openness.
That's another thing that unites all of us.
And so,
and you know,
curiosity killed the cat and so good,
but we're not cats.
True curiosity also built the pyramids.
It did.
And it saved a lot of caps too.
Let's end it with that.
All right.
All right,
Jordan.
Always a pleasure.
My friend Joe.